Rework of Blocking types (#397)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

Actions can have three distinct blocking types, described in Table 3.

-| Parallel execution allowed | Parallel execution not allowed
---|---|---
Automatic driving allowed | NONE | SINGLE
Automatic driving not allowed | SOFT | HARD

>Table 3 Definition of action blocking types dependent on driving and parallel execution

> If there are multiple actions to be executed, Figure 17 describes how the mobile robot shall handle them. When arriving at a point, where new actions are to be executed (reaching a node, edge or action zone), the actions are added to a waiting list in order of the actions array. Then the waiting list is processed as shown in Figure 17. Actions are added to the parallel execution list, if the action's blocking type is 'NONE' or 'SOFT'. If the blocking type is 'SOFT' or 'HARD', the mobile robot shall stop automatic driving before starting executing the actions. As soon as a action with blocking type 'SINGLE' or 'HARD' is to be added to the list, all other parallel actions have to be executed first. As soon, as there are no actions that stop driving left in the waiting list, the mobile robot can resume automatic driving.

Author: ```suggestion
Figure 17 describes how the mobile robot shall handle the blocking type of actions. When the mobile robot arrives at a point where new actions are to be executed (i.e., when it reaches a node, edge, or action zone), the actions are added to a waiting list in the order of the actions array. Then, the waiting list is processed as shown in Figure 17. If the blocking type of any action in the waiting list is 'SOFT' or 'HARD', the mobile robot shall stop automatic driving before starting executing the actions. Actions are added to the parallel execution list, if the action's blocking type is 'NONE' or 'SOFT'. As soon as an action with blocking type 'SINGLE' or 'HARD' is to be executed, the parallel execution list shall be empty before starting the action. Once there are no more actions with blocking type 'SOFT' or 'HARD' in the waiting list, the mobile robot can resume automatic driving. This process shall continue until the waiting list is empty.
```
